(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Are you done yet? You said you've seen the movie.
Seo Ji An, this is too dangerous.
Get out, will you?
Just a moment.
I'll just bribe my aunt's driver.
Get out from under there.
I did it.
You did it?
Look.
You did it.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
I did it.
You did it.
The car won't start with this one wire missing.
But try it just in case.
Okay.
If it doesn't work, we'll have to push the car.
I see.
- See? It won't start. - Right.
What a relief.
Don't laugh. How could you laugh now?
I'll move the rocks behind.
Hey. That's too dangerous. No. Hey.
Hey, that's too dangerous. You know that, right?
(No Jin Hee)
It's my aunt.
Hello.
I've called my driver. You don't need to come.
You don't need us?
There's a traffic jam due to an accident on the way.
We must get going now.
Put Eun Seok on the phone.
Grandfather wants to talk with Eun Seok.
Sure.
They're leaving early due to a traffic jam.
Hello.
I won't get to see you before I leave.
I'm sorry.
I'll see you when I come back...
for the anniversary event.
Please take care.
That's why I'm leaving. To stay healthy.
Goodbye.
What is it?
I'm just surprised.
I mean, look at your face. Gosh.
Oh, no. This is hard to wash off.
What are you doing?
What?
Hey, why did you insist when you couldn't do it?
You're so stubborn.
If you gave up when I told you to,
the car wouldn't have broken down.
You're right.
What do you mean I'm right?
Your car broke down for nothing.
I know you're upset.
Do you think I'm that cheap?
Just for this car when it can be fixed?
Then are you upset because I did something...
that you couldn't do?
Why would I?
You're the oddball to be able to do that.
Am I the oddball for not being able to do that?
I mean, why must I know about cars?
I pay people to do it for me.
Not all men are car experts.
I used to work at a driving school...
until I started attending university.
I got all the free driving licenses available.
I used to drive buses when I was off school.
That's how I know the location of the engine.
You had so many jobs.
Sorry for breaking your car.
Stop.
Don't touch it.
Secretary Yoo,
I'll send you my location. Send me a cab,
and get my car fixed.
But your insurance will give us a ride back.
Let's go.
Where are we going?
To the main road so we can get a cab easily.
He's very angry.
I should get back to work.
I must work on the advertisement...
of our Satisfying the Five Senses event...
Haesung Corporation main office, please.
You should go in.
Yes.
I'm sorry you couldn't even have dinner.
I'm glad I didn't have to face the chairman.
(40th anniversary event date)
Ji Tae's getting married next Tuesday.
Now it looks like it's for a newlywed couple, right?
Right. Your father did a great job.
Does she like the vanity table Ji Soo brought?
I showed her the picture. She said she likes it.
Of course. I chose it myself.
Right. Just think of this place...
as a free, temporary shelter.
Ji An.
You just called when we're all together.
Ji Soo. I'm busy, so I'll be quick.
I can't make it to Ji Tae's wedding...
because of work.
You can't make it to Ji Tae's wedding?
Is there a problem there?
Can't you just tell them and stop by?
I was already scheduled to go on a business trip.
Ji Tae didn't give me a heads up.
I'll call Ji Tae later. Bye.
Ji An says she can't make it to the wedding.
She's going on a business trip.
So this is how we drift apart.
She said she'll call you later.
I'm home.
Let's jump with a pair of new shoes
Here. A wedding gift for you and your wife.
How could you buy them shoes without asking?
Don't you believe me, Mother?
I sent the pictures to his wife,
and she chose it herself.
Hey, where did you get that money?
I saved up.
What were you thinking?
No son-in-law...
takes his father-in-law to the airport every time.
He's the chairman.
He's also my father-in-law.
Since when did you find my father so comfortable?
Tell me if you have any problems.
Don't be swayed by your emotions and act foolish.
Foolish... Did you just say foolish?
You said my sister and I are disgusting.
How could you say that to me?
It's the chairman's fault.
You should know your limit.
You sisters are entangled like snakes.
I'm so sick of it.
Choi Jae Sung.
I didn't want to send off your dad if enjoys this.
Must I send him off even if I hate doing it?
It took us 25 years to find our daughter.
It's already hard to see...
my daughter becoming like you and your sister.
I hate it.
Are you doing this because you're afraid...
that Father might not give you the chairmanship?
You know nothing about me.
You know nothing at all.
Are you claiming that I don't know you at all?
I know everything there is to know about you.
Hee.
You should hire a part-timer for the cafe.
Can I?
Yes, you've reached the break-even point.
But I'm going to interview the part-timer with you.
A lot of them tend to be quite lazy.
Hyuk.
Can you completely get over with someone...
you once loved?
To the point that person becomes an acquaintance.
Could that happen?
Of course.
If you don't love or have no interest in him,
you won't even hate him.
There's a fine line between love and hate.
That's why the antonym of revenge is indifference.
Indifference?
It implies that he's completely over you.
He has no desire for love, hatred, or revenge.
That would make him a true winner.
I see.
Mr. Baker, why are you in a suit?
Are you going somewhere?
I'm going out for lunch.
You're not going to eat cup noodles?
There's no law that says I must eat cup noodles.
Then while you're out,
can I bake a cake here?
Sure.
Mr. Baker.
What is it?
Will you really not...
teach me how to make the dough?
How many times must I tell you?
If that's the case, I'll stop working here.
- What? - I really...
like your bread.
They are my favourite food in this entire world.
So I wanted to learn from you,
and I came here every day...
for three months to get a job here.
But if you truly have no intentions of teaching me,
there's no reason for me to stay here anymore.
Is that so?
Yes.
I will quit my job here...
and learn baking from my second favourite baker.
Go ahead then. Suit yourself.
He won't even budge.
Must I quit now?
Hey.
Goodness.
I didn't know you worked here.
No, I don't work here.
This is my cafe.
Is that so?
What about your husband?
I run this for the fun of it. I was bored.
You do this for fun.
I'm glad to hear that.
I heard that it's common for a woman...
to get a job after her husband retires now.
It's not like that between us.
My husband's business is really booming.
That's why I said I was glad.
But what brings you here?
I came here to drink coffee.
Someone told me the coffee here is great.
What is your specialty coffee here?
Vanilla latte and cappuccino are good here.
I'd like an americano.
Make it hot, please.
I will bring it to you once you take a seat.
I'll take my coffee to go.
Then you should've told me that earlier.
Other cafés usually ask first.
Whether it's for here or to go.
Please wait for a moment.
Here you go.
Have a good day.
Oh, right. What about my coupon?
Does he work around this area?
Is this enough?
- It's not enough at all. - Goodness.
That didn't take so long.
Gosh.
Give it to me.
The appearance is the key for wedding cakes.
Mr. Baker, you're good at baking cakes too.
If I can't bake something,
then no one can.
But why are you making the wedding cake today?
Is the wedding tomorrow?
I'm just practicing today.
I was going to bake the real one tomorrow morning.
Can you help me tomorrow?
The decoration is too hard for me.
Why would I do that? You said you're quitting.
Fine. Forget about that then.
But I can still bake it here tomorrow, right?
We don't open tomorrow anyway.
Suit yourself.
He doesn't even drink coffee.
What?
Really? Where is he staying?
Sewol-ri...
in Pyeongchang-gun?
After you pass the village hall,
there's a small trail on the left.
It's a single trail.
Once you go up the trail for 30 minutes,
you'll see his house.
Follow the path for 30 minutes?
But are you sure that he lives there?
I heard that his pupil met him there last week.
Is that so? Thank you.
Yes. Bye.
Did you finally find Mr. Jung Kang Soo?
Yes.
General Manager Lee, may I use the company car?
I found Mr. Jung's whereabouts.
I heard you.
Wait. I'll get you the company car.
Thank you.
I heard it was fruitless yesterday.
What if it's the same today?
Send the final version of the script...
and the cue sheet to the agency.
Get the labelling stickers for the candles...
and diffusers from the design team.
Yes, Ms. Supervisor-in-charge.
I will do as you say.
But only after I have my lunch.
Where is she going now?
Who cares?
Tell the marketing team to send me the report.
Yes, sir.
How about your lunch?
- Get me some salad. - Okay.
(Seo Ji An)
Yes. This is Do Kyung.
What? You found Jung Kang Soo?
Yes. I am on the way to meet him.
Where is he?
He's in Pyeongchang, Gangwon Province.
He's far away.
I want to go with you, but I have an appointment.
It's all right. I can go alone.
Going alone is not the problem.
Persuading him is.
I will do whatever I can to persuade him.
Okay. Then call me as soon as you meet him.
Here's what you asked for.
- Have a great day. - You too.
Can I get a brochure for the insurance?
Of course you can.
There are many different kinds.
Please review them...
and contact this person.
- I will give a call. - All right.
You're excited, aren't you?
Why didn't you get married sooner?
Hello?
Hey, Ji An.
I am sorry that I can't make it to your wedding.
Don't say that.
It's my fault that we suddenly set the date.
Let's meet up after our honeymoon.
Okay.
Congratulations. I mean it.
(Free tasting)
"For those who're hungry. Made by an assistant."
I guess we are slowly growing apart.
It's Ji Tae's wedding.
Right.
(Assailant's Sister)
- Hello? - Hello.
It's Ji An's sister, Ji Soo.
I know you.
I called because I have a favor to ask.
A favor? What is it? Tell me.
Can you let Ji An attend Ji Tae's wedding?
I hope she will drop by even for a short while.
Ji An said she had to go on a business trip.
Did she say she can't go?
Yes. The wedding will be held at the outdoor...
wedding hall of World Cup Park.
Can't you let her attend it?
I'm afraid she can't.
But you're the vice president.
She must've had her reasons for saying it.
Attending the wedding is not everything.
You should understand.
All right.
Bye.
He sounds scary when he's serious.
(Seo Ji An)
Ms. Oh, the overall design is too similar...
to the design of other existing brands.
Sleepwear designs are more or less the same.
Isn't it because you set the limit?
But sleepwear is just sleepwear.
No. No.
You wear health to sleep, not sleepwear.
I want that direction.
We found Mr. Jung Kang Soo,
and we're making him natural-dye our fabrics.
What's wrong with the weather?
The temperature is abnormal.
It's snowing in some provinces.
Snowing?
She should've arrived by now.
- Excuse me. - Sure.
(Seo Ji An)
The number you have dialled is not available.
What's happening?
Oh, gosh.
Oh, no.
No.
Don't do this to me.
Don't do this.
Please.
Please don't do this.
The number you have dialled...
is not available at this moment.
(7 calls to Seo Ji An)
Sir,
the temperature in Gangwon dropped to negative 2℃.
Negative 2℃?
She left in the daytime.
The GPS predicted 2 hours and 30 minutes.
If you speed, you could shorten it to two hours.
I told her to call me as soon as she arrives.
But three hours have already passed.
What's this situation?
It's an emergency situation.
What kind of emergency?
If the call is not going through,
it means she's in the area where there's no signal.
Then?
It means she's isolated in a deserted area.
In this weather?
If she stays in the car, she won't freeze to death.
How can she stay all night in the car?
I didn't say she should.
Something must have happened.
Sir.
I will pay tomorrow.
The number you have dialled...
is not available at this moment.
I heard it's a 30-minute drive in the mountain.
That's all I know.
I don't want to see him enjoying that situation.
Can't I not do what I don't like?
Sir, here's the report...
on the establishment of the Europe office.
Mr. Hong.
Haven't I been acting strangely these days?
I don't understand what you mean, sir.
All right. You may go.
My daughter whom I found after 25 years started...
turning like you sisters as soon as she set...
foot in this house, and it's tough watching her.
You don't understand me.
You don't understand me at all.
After all these years...
After all these years, you can't wait any longer.
This is so frustrating.
Until when do we have to live like prisoners?
We get paid 3,000 dollars a month for doing this.
Look. It says I should go outside.
We can't live here for 30 years...
to get a million dollars.
Have you got any good ideas?
Excuse me.
Do you know Mr. Jung Kang Soo?
I don't know.
He's the one who does natural dyeing.
We don't know.
Please try to remember it.
If I don't find him, someone might die.
She left to go there, but she's gone missing.
She's only got a thin cardigan.
And she went deep into the woods.
Deep into the woods?
Right. The strange house.
Do you know?
As soon as you leave this community center,
on the left is the path that leads to that house.
From there to the peak,
it's about 4km.
The road is very bumpy,
so it takes a good half an hour by car.
(Timer)
Perhaps she's arrived safely.
Am I overreacting?
Perhaps...
she can't call me because there's no signal.
Darn it.
It's still far away. Why is the car here?
Where did she go?
Did she go somewhere to get reception?
Ji An!
She didn't go down.
Did she walk up?
Is she mad?
I should've let them know where I was.
What do I do?
Ji An!
Mom.
Do Kyung?
Do Kyung.
Ji An!
You're mad.
How did you...
You should've taken a scarf.
How can you dress so lightly?
Wear it.
Hurry up and wear it.
Here.
I will... I will do it.
How can you think about...
coming up here dressed like this?
I...
I got the permission.
What?
Mr. Jung Kang Soo...
is going to do it.
Who are you?
It's nice to meet you.
My name is Seo Ji An.
I've come to meet Mr. Jung Kang Soo,
the master of natural dyeing.
I've come to meet him.
Are you the lady who looked...
all over for me...
10 years ago?
Yes. That's me. My goodness.
Did you walk up here?
Yes, my car fell into a ditch.
Can I make one phone call?
My phone died on the way here.
You have to go up 100m...
and go up to the summit.
That's why you were out of reach.
There's someone who's desperately...
waiting to hear about you.
About me?
You should head back before it gets dark.
If you don't give me permission,
I have to sleep here.
You are a grown-up lady,
and as old as I may be, I'm still a man.
If I fail to get your permission,
I won't have any energy to walk back down.
I don't even have any energy to walk.
If you wish hard enough, your wish comes true.
You should get up and head back.
Are you giving me the permission then?
Tie your shoe with that.
Thank you.
I don't have any clothes to give you.
Wrap this around your neck.
Thank you.
Did you go all the way there?
I didn't know that it was that far.
Are you reckless or stupid?
By the way,
how did you find out this place?
I only told you the name of the village.
I had to know whether we could work with...
Mr. Jung or not.
How could I just wait for your call?
Our success depended on him.
Right.
What's that?
Oh, this.
He gave me this to wrap around my neck.
Then why didn't you wear it?
It's so cold.
I couldn't waste it. I wanted to show you.
You are so foolish.
Let's go.
Okay. You should go first.
I will assist you.
It's all right.
This is perfect. This will do.
You go down first then.
Why?
You said your phone ran out of battery.
I will light the path from the back.
I am sorry.
This wouldn't have happened...
if the car didn't fall into the ditch.
You are coming, aren't you?
I am.
Don't just light my path.
I got this. Just keep going.
Okay.
I'm okay.
Are you jinxed?
Or are you not meant to drive?
This car is not broken.
You can drive. I will push from the back.
You look too weak to eat porridge.
How can you push a car?
Then I will drive.
Will you push it?
You're mad.
Why would I do that?
Get on my car.
I will call a tow truck.
It's the company car,
so I'll feel better if I take the car back.
You want me to wait until the tow truck gets here?
No way.
Then you should go first.
I will wait in the car with the heater on.
Listen to yourself.
How can I leave a female employee here?
What if something happens to you?
I will be fired for being an immoral boss.
Get in the car. I have to get to the appointment.
I must be mad.
You must be hungry. Let's eat.
I am okay. I am not hungry.
You have to get to the appointment.
You're not hungry?
Not at all.
Really? Then I'll eat alone.
Thank you.
Can you eat that?
What's wrong with this?
It looks like it was cooked a long time ago.
I am so hungry...
that I could eat anything.
Why are you staring at me?
Nothing.
This soup really hits the spot.
I like this place.
Don't you like it as it's not newly cooked?
No, that's not it.
I just have no appetite.
Let's go then.
Okay.
You should go straight home tonight.
It's quite late,
and you can't go to the office looking like that.
Oh, right.
We can use fermented leaves for dyeing.
Look.
This cloth is dyed with fermented ones. It's good.
I know.
I know we can't use fresh leaves after September.
Are you still cold?
Should I turn the heater up?
No, I'm okay.
Maybe I ate too much, or this jacket is too warm.
I think I'm running a fever.
Oh, right.
I'm supposed to get cloth for the dyeing event.
And I need to send a car to pick up the dyes...
on the day before the event.
Okay. We can talk about it at the office tomorrow.
Just get some rest.
I should do that. I'm a little sleepy.
Ji An.
Wake up.
We're here.
Okay.
We can't go home together.
They think I went to the meeting of N-Gaon.
Okay.
I told them about your situation though.
I told them you went to Mr. Jung...
and got lost in the mountains.
When did you do that?
While you were fast asleep.
General Manager Min will take care of your shoes.
Just go to your room saying you're tired.
Okay.
Hang on a second.
I'll get going then.
You're home.
I'm home, Mother.
Gosh, look at your face.
You must be having a tough time working.
I just made a mistake while driving.
It's okay. Just go to your room and get some rest.
Just go.
Ms. Min. Please run a bath for her.
Yes, ma'am.
What's wrong with me?
What's going on?
What on earth is wrong with me?
(Prenuptial Agreement)
We're not having children.
This will never change.
I know. I'm the one who suggested it.
You suggested it, and I agree with it.
"Soo A holds the purse strings in our family."
"Ask for understanding on loans."
I'll leave all my salary with you, but...
I want you to let me keep paying my family's debt.
I don't want to.
I understand that.
I don't want to hold the purse strings.
Look at number four.
"We both hold the purse strings."
You make 10,000 dollars a year more than me.
We'll fully amortize the loan...
and pay 10,000 dollars a year.
And put your salary into our joint account...
as much as mine to pay our living expenses.
Can you really do that?
If you clear the debt with the extra money,
it doesn't mean I'm paying it.
I'd feel more comfortable that way.
I was just going to get an allowance from you.
I thought about it too. Look.
We get 300 dollars a month as an allowance.
Credit cards are for emergency use only.
We'll use each other's credit cards though.
If I use your credit card, you'll get a text message.
If you do that, I'll get one as well.
You used to spend all you earned. Can you do that?
I didn't think about the future back then.
What about you? Are you okay with that?
We need to move out in two years.
And now that I live with you, I don't need money.
- I'm okay. - Okay?
So we both agreed on the important issues.
Check my list and confirm the details.
- I'll check your list. - Okay.
I'm happy.
So am I, a lot.
No formalities, no lighting the candles,
no formal dress.
They only get married once.
It's the trend.
They cut out the formalities...
and are accentuating their individualities.
The parents should be the hosts.
We can do nothing but sit still.
Be grateful they're letting us sit in.
It took a lot of courage on their part.
(Jang Seok Doo)
Hi, Seok Doo.
Seo Tae Soo.
You researched motorcycle accessories too?
I heard that half the Vietnamese...
population ride motorcycles.
Why?
Is someone interested?
Yes. Send some samples over tomorrow.
They'll check and sign a contract right away.
Okay, okay.
I'll send you some money.
Text me your bank details.
No, it's fine.
I can afford to buy the samples.
I'll send them tomorrow...
after Ji Tae's wedding.
Okay, take care. Bye.
I caught a cold.
Welcome.
I have a slight cough.
Give me some cold medicine...
that works fast.
Sure, just a moment.
And an energizer too.
Okay.
Here you go.
Give me 10 of these.
(Closed)
Who is it on my day off?
Let me in.
My goodness.
I'm in shock.
Why?
I had no idea if...
you were male or female.
If you were a talking dog or cat.
I was really confused.
Are you saying I look okay?
You don't look okay.
You should tie your hair if you want to bake.
What a mess.
I can't.
If I tie my hair back, it'll leave a mark.
My brother's getting married today.
Here.
Awesome.
Mr. Baker's so kind.
A gift from me...
to keep you energized until the very end.
Thank you so much.
Have one each and cheer up.
Here you go.
Thank you.
More energy. Thank you.
What's today's schedule?
Ha Jung will type up Mr. Jung's profile...
for the PR Team.
Mr. Jo will arrange for a car to pick up...
the jars of dye and materials.
I'll book Mr. Jung a suite,
then go to the hall...
for a final meeting with the event team.
I'll check the stage,
then type up a press release.
Can you let Ji An...
come to Ji Tae's wedding?
You have a long day.
Double-check everything...
so there are no mistakes.
Yes, sir.
Goodbye.
Thank you.
We'll do our best.
Welcome.
My gosh.
Hello.
I almost didn't recognize you.
You look different with your hair like that.
My older brother's getting married today.
The wedding's today?
I made this...
while making the wedding cake.
Please give it to Mr. Sun.
I don't mean anything else.
He assembled the vanity for me.
I wanted to thank him.
I'll give it to him.
Can we order now?
When can I get my vanilla latte?
Right now.
I'll take the order.
I have some time before the wedding.
What would you like?
Your latte is coming.
What's your order?
A toast and...
Here are your coffees.
I told her to hire a part-timer.
Did you hire a part-timer?
A part-timer?
Over there.
Hello.
I thought you were someone else.
It suits you.
My older brother's getting married today.
Oh, the vanity?
Yes. My sister-in-law liked it.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
She can call me if there's a defect.
Okay.
I'll tell her.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Aren't you working her too hard?
I didn't ask for her help.
She's quick-witted and helpful.
I should tell her to go now that you're here.
A caramel macchiato.
I'll get it for you.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
- Can we have some water? - Sure.
Put safety first when you...
set everything out tomorrow.
Send an estimate for the extra...
lighting and sound costs.
Sure, I will.
- Thank you. - Bye.
(Do Kyung)
I didn't change his name.
Hello, sir.
Where are you?
The convention hall.
The Australian candle company deal.
The buyer called.
You're in charge. I need you to come along.
The Australian buyer called?
I didn't get a call.
What are we doing here?
The meeting is at Sangam DMC...
and we're too early.
Let's kill some time.
Here?
Should we go to a cafe together?
It's better to stay outdoors.
If we're that early,
I could've come on my own.
And kill time here on my own?
Parks are nice in the autumn.
Seo Ji An.
Have you been here before?
No.
Neither have I.
Enjoy your walk.
I'll wait at DMC.
Why?
I don't want to walk.
Why don't you want to walk?
Do you not want to walk with me?
It's both.
How cruel.
We might never get to...
walk together again.
Take just 10 more steps.
I want to show you something.
You said that...
your brother's innocent.
Yes.
So are you.
I want to...
show you something you shouldn't miss.
That.
You're so pretty.
When did you prepare that?
Let go.
You want to watch.
Not in hiding.
Then go up there.
What?
I want you to.
It'll be hard to face your parents,
but it's your brother's special day.
You smiled to my parents for your parents' sakes.
I want you to smile...
for your brother.
Aren't you...
going to go back to them?
They're your family.
Don't do something you'll regret.
We will share a bed, whatever happens,
and Seo Ji Tae will always take out the trash.
- Yes! - No, Ji Tae!
- Do it together! - Nice one!
Lee Soo A will not compare our lives with others...
and find our own way to be happy.
Good for you!
Those were some very memorable vows.
Now, Mr. Seo Tae Soo, the father of the groom...
will read the proclamation of marriage.
Wait.
I want to ask for a favor before you read...
the proclamation of marriage.
Before the proclamation, it's customary for...
both parents to bless the couple.
My parents live in Canada and couldn't attend.
We planned the wedding a week ago,
so they couldn't have.
Ji Tae's parents said we should...
skip with the blessings to be fair,
but Mr. Seo played a huge part in this.
I'd like you to bless us.
Come on, Dad.
- Come on. - Do it.
I'm Seo Ji Tae's father, Seo Tae Soo.
I'd never seen my son...
with shoulders drooped so low.
I'd never seen him so discouraged.
He looked as if...
he'd lost the whole world.
Then I found out...
it was because he had broken up with Soo A.
That's why today...
Today, I am so very happy.
I want to thank you.
Thank you both...
for being courageous.
From now on, live with that courage...
and make a good life, focusing on each other.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
- Be happy! - Good luck!
Your mail, sir.
(To Vice President Choi Jae Sung)
(Jangil High School, Kang Chul Min)
Who's this?
A scholarship recipient?
Gather around and smile. I'll take your photo.
1, 2, 3.
Wait for me.
Seo Ji An.
Ji An.
- Ji Ho. - You made it.
Can I congratulate you after we take the photo?
Come and join us.
1, 2, 3.
(Seo Ji An is not Choi Eun Seok)
(My Golden Life)
Why do you always say thank you and sorry to me?
- You're back. - The coffee was good.
You're the same age.
We can be friends.
What?
Do you know Judo Man?
He can pick up any girl he wants.
How did you confirm Ji An's Eun Seok?
- Pardon? - Where's Jo Soon Ok?
I'd like to see her.
It'll be all over in five days.
You did great.
You felt like a real brother now.